PartMan: Hiya, and welcome to the -

Flying Pichu: This is a submission, not an info doc.

PartMan: Oh, right. I knew that. Welcome to - Wait, lemme restart. I'd like to introduce y'all - do I use y'all if only one person reads this at a time?
Flying Pichu: Doesn’t matter, just get on with it.
PartMan: Right. Meet Repulso and Beck Onsler!

PartMan: Repulso's real name is Joss Tullman, and he's a sophomore in a college in New York (name of college hidden for confidentiality, cough, cough, totally not because I don't wanna name a whole college). He's a pretty quiet kid - if you enter a class, you'll probably notice a guy in a black hoodie in the side row. 
Flying Pichu: That guy isn't Joss - Joss is usually the guy hidden behind them.
PartMan: Not many people hear him speak, but his voice is surprisingly calm, despite his rough build. He's 5'11", and isn't involved in any club activities. If you ask his classmates about him, no one really knows much - he avoids people, and they leave him alone.

Flying Pichu: Which suits him perfectly. After all, being ignored is the best boon he could ask for, considering his nightlife. Once college lets out, he slips out into the darkness, becoming the vigilante Repulso. Or rather, once-vigilante - he was captured by the cops, and now he works with them in exchange for board and protection. It's a sweet deal, especially since it lets him seek revenge for his sister and parents, who were murdered as a bystander in a gang fight three years ago.

PartMan: Repulso's usual outfit is a dark gray hoodie, dark jeans, and a black neckerchief that hides everything but his eyes and chaotic curly black hair. His powers? Good instincts, keen vision, and most importantly: the ability to repel things.

Flying Pichu: No one knows how or when his ability originated. All he knows is that it's the one tool that can someday lead to peace in the backstreets, and he uses it well. His ability can repel smaller objects like bullets and knives pretty well, and he has pretty good control over his power. 
PartMan: He can't control the direction, though - anything he repels is always directly away from him, and it's why he works solo - in a fight, his ability could harm his own team as well.


Flying Pichu: On the other hand, we have the underestimated wizard, Beck Onsler. His magical power is exceptionally poor - he was left jobless after failing to pass in any OWLs -
PartMan: Sounds like me.
Flying Pichu: - except Charms, and lives by his own in a quiet little village in Ireland. There aren't any other wizards in the area, so he lives with the Muggles, as an almost-Squib. His magical aptitude lies solely in summoning charms and the like, and he has developed and perfected his own variants of spells that are more useful than their original counterparts. Yet he doesn't reveal them to anyone, choosing instead to live out his time in silence in a hushed village.

PartMan: Recently, though, he'd heard about cases of bandits attacking nearby towns and farms, and had been patrolling the village at night in a dark hooded cloak. Years ago, he'd embedded his wand into a sturdy staff, and he took it with him on these late-night patrols. He'd fought off bandits once or twice with ingenious spells that gave him a solid advantage against even groups of 10-12 bandits.


Flying Pichu: Neither of them had any idea about what was about to happen.


PartMan in dramatic mode: The year was 2020. Numerous disasters befell the worlds, and a quiet hush settled upon them. Yet, no one would expect that this was no natural disaster - the demon Kida had begun a cataclysm that would resound throughout both worlds.

Flying Pichu: Beck was in his study when the portal roared into existence and devoured the entire village. Squinting in the sudden bright light, he shielded his eyes. Just as suddenly as the light had appeared, it vanished. Outside the posts of the village walls was nothing but blackness and stone. Water could be heard dripping loudly in tunnels somewhere, and far above was a grated light. Turning around, he noticed that on the far side of the village, dozens of figures swarmed. Hellish and misshapen, Beck had never seen such creatures before. But the lives of the entire village were at stake, so he knew what he had to do - the only person here that could protect them was the wizard that'd been laughed out of the Auror's office. At the time, they had no way of knowing how skilled someone who'd practiced a single spell thousands of times could be.

PartMan: Grabbing a couple knives from the pantry as he passed, he frantically gathered the villagers behind him. Children screamed in terror as the figures slowly approached. While their features were still unclear, their grinning white smiles haunted the villagers as they grunted amongst themselves. Beck hurled knife after knife, both the ones from his pantry and the ones that the villagers had hurriedly gathered as they fled their homes. Most of them missed, but one or two of them landed solid hits and the figures collapsed, screaming. The rest pressed onward.

Flying Pichu: Furrowing his brows, he grabbed his staff and waited. When the last of the figures passed the corpses, he began twirling his staff, silently muttering spells. The knives he'd thrown rose into the air and streaked back at his, slicing through the ranks as they came. The figures shrieked in pain as the glints of metal danced through air, blood, and bone.

PartMan: Wow, way too much blood. Lemme take over.

PartMan: When the last of the knives finally fell, a mere fraction of the original creatures remained. The rest of them lay on the ground, some screaming and twitching, others still and silent. The villagers behind Beck gasped in awe - and fear - as he turned around. Then he stumbled and fell. As the villagers gathered around, they noticed glints of steel - three knives were buried in his body, sticking out of his thigh, abdomen, and arm. Blood was seeping out and staining the grass red. 6 creatures remained alive, their malicious grins spreading terror into the eyes of the humans. They marched up to the villagers at that same slow pace, heedless of the dead bodies of their comrades left behind. The villagers fled, but the wall behind them left no route of escape. The closest of the creatures tilted its head and grinned, lifting its arm to reveal a hideous rusted spear. Then half a dozen distinct cracks were heard, and the creatures soundlessly collapsed. Above them, a looming figure in a dark hoodie slowly glided down towards the ground.

PartMan: And that is how the story of how Joss Tullman and Beck Onsler met. The rest is history.

Flying Pichu:  Repulso has some epic uses for his powers - he literally broke their necks by repelling them while dropping from the ceiling, thus both slowing down his fall and shattering their - 

PartMan: 
WELL, the rest is history. Funnily enough, you guys seem to not know that history. Study more, nerds. Though I don't mind describing this part of history - it's a pretty epic tale.


Flying Pichu: You can’t describe it if I snipe you. :3

Flying Pichu: When Beck Onsler woke up, he was in a Muggle hospital with a shaky memory of the events that had happened after the portal. By his bedside was a tough-looking guy in a purple sweatshirt. (Yes, this is Joss in daytime mode.) Joss filled Beck in - he'd been transported to a suspicious-looking cavern that had surreptitiously appeared connected to the city sewers. Further exploration had revealed 4 other similar caverns connected by tunnels - all littered with the corpses of Muggles. The police forces were investigating the network of tunnels, but no one had any ideas what had happened and why -

PartMan: You, of course, know that it was the work of Kida.


Flying Pichu: SHH LET THEM ENJOY THE STORY! As I was saying, Joss had happened upon the cavern during one of his nighttime forays after he investigated mysterious screams coming from the sewer.

PartMan: Cue stuff about them realizing they're from different worlds, Joss being awed by the presence of actual magic, trying tons of ways to get Beck back to his world, and whatnot.

Flying Pichu: Cue stuff about them gradually working together to handle various cases, and eventually becoming full-time partners-in-not-crime.

PartMan: Hey, I wanted to do that pun! :pout:
Flying Pichu: Cue training arc and whatnot with them becoming stronger and more in sync, and also featuring a strawberry with a bankai and three dolls.

PartMan: Cue the hollows - wait, this isn’t Bleach. Back on topic: will they ever be able to defeat the demon Kid A - I mean, Kida? Will Joss find those responsible for the death of his family?

PartMan: Read the rest of the tale with Smogon Gold Premium!

Flying Pichu with a club : BONK!

Flying Pichu: Ignore that guy; they promised him pizza if he advertised.

PartMan: Sorry about the technical difficulties… Anyway, let’s move on, shall we?

Flying Pichu: It's been 7 months since Beck was first transported to this world. Since then, a lot of stuff has happened, like (wait, we just gave a summary of all that; just assume we repeated that here). Beck's gotten a lot more open towards people, while Joss remains stoic outwardly but is inwardly grateful for having a partner. As a team, their powers work pretty well in sync, with Joss handling a defensive shield and offensive wide-area attacks - 

PartMan: Like how Joss shattered the bones of a gang that was trying to rush him by pushing only their bones away really hard?

Flying Pichu: - while Beck precisely directs both of their powers and handles the finer tasks that require emphasis on accuracy and stealth. They've also perfected a couple attacks that require both of their powers, such as firing projectiles at supersonic speeds - for this, Beck applies continuous pressure from both the top and the bottom of a projectile, effectively holding it still while Joss builds up pressure from the side. When Beck finally releases his magic, the projectile rips away at incredible speeds and surprising accuracy.

PartMan: You mean the Superdupersonicbullet?

Flying Pichu: I told you not to call it that. Anyway, another combo they have involves fixing an object's position by simultaneously repelling and pulling it - when done right, the object is effectively immovable and can withstand incredible forces. 

PartMan: Freezeythingy!

*Flying Pichu gets duct tape and tapes PartMan’s mouth shut*

Flying Pichu: With all the experience they have together, the two form a formidable team.That's not to say that fighting crime and the odd demon is easy for them - but over the months, they've grown to trust each other and can practically read each other's minds. 

PartMan: Mggh sphppgh mmph mph mphghm unghh! (You forgot the Kida part!)

Flying Pichu: That would be telling, now, won’t it?

PartMan: ...umggf phggrt ghppf gpfu? (...you actually forgot, didn’t you?)

Flying Pichu: Anyway! That’s all from us today, see you all next time! Bye!

PartMan: UMGHI MGHH! (UNGAG ME!)